01/01/2020
	<TLDR>I created my first ever C# program in a few hours that solves
	an problem 1 of project euler. I did this to take a little break
	from other ongoing projects.</TLDR>

	Happy New Year's, everyone! I'm starting off the new year with a new 
	found love for C#.

	This comes a few weeks after I self-diagnosed myself with Programmer's
	Burnout. It's been hard sitting down and keeping the grind going. But 
	I am managing farily well now solving Project Euler problems in C#4.

	For about a month, I deleved into the world of Django and Web
	Development to create a business solution for my Tae Kwondo Master. The
	idea is that his customers (including myself) will be able to make 
	online payments and more. I spent weeks designing the pages in HTML and
	CSS with the help of bootstrap while learning the Django framework,
	which will serve as the back end.

	It became difficult trying to create this in the small pockets of time
	that I have. Between a full-time job two cities away as a Software QA 
	Analyst and taking care of my personal life, I am under constant 
	pressure to getting my programming work done. I have a problem in that
	I don't allow myself to take breaks. If I find that I have time to
	lounge around or lolligag or watch pointless YouTube videos, then I
	have time to study and finishing what I started.

	I feel like I've missed out on an good career dropping out of college,
	and I have been playing catch up ever since. My goal is to ultimately 
	have an amazing resume such that I can apply to any software 
	engineering role, something that I should've had a long time ago. I see
	videos of young	people talking about their expiriences working as a SE 
	at FANG	companies, and it makes me feel like I'm far behind in the race
	to acheive a successful career.

	My mind finally had enough of it. I crammed so many things in a short 
	amount of time that I just couldn't open my laptop and practice. It 
	wasn't that I didn't want to, it's just I didn't have the drive
	anymore. So these last couple of days I've been spending mindlessly
	job searching and reading the descriptions. A lot of the requirements
	in the DFW area mention Java and OOP languages like that. So I decided
	to mess around with the language using an online text editor to see
	if I could still create the Hello World program they taught me in
	school. Wanting to be able to work offline, I fired up Sublime, and 
	coded the same program in C# because I could use the native compiler
	that comes with Windows, and I didn't have to download JVM or anything
	else. A few hours later, I found myself being curious again and 
	going through stack overflow and the official documentation for C#
	just trying to solve more challenging problems.

	So there you have it. My short journey through programmer's burnout. I
	wouldn't say I'm completely out of it. Just thinking about going back
	to working on Django (and another Pandas/SQlite project) sucks out my
	drive and I can feel becmoing immobile again. So I'm just going to
	stick around in C# for a while, almost like a bit of a vacation...Also
	I think the projects at work also suck the life out of me because I 
	tend to wear a lot of hats and I'm under constant pressure by my tech
	lead and the business in ensuring that our latest product/service is 
	bug-free seeing that we're in the financial industry and we don't 
	want to screw up with someone else's money.
